♪♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there
on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save
the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase
Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah,
they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever
you're in trouble ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol
♪ We'll be there
on the double ♪
♪ No job is too big
no pup is too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol
we're on a roll ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW Patrol
whoa-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol whoa-oh-oh-oh, PAW Patrol ♪
*PAW Patrol*
Season 04  Episode 15
Episode Part-1 of 2
Title: "Pups Chill Out"
Ahh, nice and cool!
It's so hot
out today!
Then jump in here
with us, Rocky!
In a pool full of water?
No, thanks.
I know the best way
to cool off.
Flavored...
frozen...
Puppy Pops!
Mmm, yeah!
Puppy pops!
Let's go get some!
Water would be so cool
if it wasn't so wet.
Bleh!
Bad news, pups.
Somebody ate the last of
the Puppy Pops!
- Marshall! - Marshall!
What? Oh, was that the
last box? Oops.
It's alright, Marshall.
I can pick up another box
at Mr. Porter's.
Can you get two boxes?
Or a whole case?
A whole case, huh?
Okay! But I'll need some
help carrying it.
I'll do it!
Since I ate the
last one.
Sorry, folks!
But I've run out of icey
drinks, and frozen yogurt.
Hi, Mr. Porter!
May we have some flavored Puppy
Pops, please?
Sorry, I've run out
of those, too.
Oh, no!
Ah-hah.
Fan, please.
Quick, get me some Meow Meow ice
pops to cool off my kittens.
Oh, Mr. Porter, some frozen corn
for Chickaletta, please.
This heatwave has hit
Adventure Bay so hard.
I'm so sorry, mayors!
But all the ice pops and
frozen corn are gone.
Oh, but what will my poor
overheated chicken do?
It will be okay.
I'm expecting a rush delivery
of frozen food any minute now.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Huh?!
Uh-oh, I'm stuck!
And my freezer is broken, too!
Aw... I need help.
Ryder here.
It's Roger.
My truck skidded into a ditch.
Now my engine won't start, and
the freezer's not working!
That food won't stay
cold for long.
- Save that truck!
Don't worry, we'll save the
delivery for everyone.
Please hurry.
Roger, Roger!
No job is too big,
no pup is too small!
Paw Patrol, to the look out!
Ryder needs us!
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Ahh... way cool pool
rules!
♪♪
Paw Patrol, ready for action,
Ryder, sir!
Thanks for hustling in this
heat, pups.
Roger's delivery truck
hit a pizza...
and slid into a ditch!
A smooshed pizza?
What a waste!
Now the truck's freezer
isn't working,
and everyone is waiting for
cool food to beat the heat!
We've gotta save
those Puppy Pops!
Chase, we'll need your winch to
pull the truck out of the ditch.
Chase is on the case!
Rocky, we'll need your tools
to fix the truck,
and get the freezer
running again.
Green means go!
All right!
Paw Patrol is on a roll!
♪ Paw Patrol ♪
Go! Go! Go!
♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Paw Patrol
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪♪
♪ Chase! ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Paw Patrol ♪
♪♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Rocky!
♪ Paw Patrol, Paw Patrol ♪
♪♪
Good to see you,
Paw Patrol!
Wow, that is one stuck truck!
Arf! Winch!
♪♪
Arf, retract!
Rocky, how fast can you get
that truck running?
Let me check.
Hmm... it will take
me awhile,
but I can fix the
engine here.
The parts I need for the
freezer, though,
are back in town.
But my shipment will
melt in this heat!
Unless we can get you
a lot of ice.
Huh! I know!
Rubble, Skye?
Yes, Ryder?
Rubble, I need you to go to
Jake's Mountain,
and use your jackhammer to cut
out a huge block of ice.
Rubble, on the double!
But first, Skye.
I need you to fly up and find a
hunk of ice for Rubble to cut.
Then carry the ice back to
Roger's truck with your copter.
That's going to be one
chilly copter.
But let's take to
the Skye!
I'll meet you guys at
the mountain!
♪♪
Ryder, there's a ginormous
hunk of ice up ahead!
Follow me.
Rubble, cut a
block of ice.
Take it to the the back
of Roger's truck.
You bet!
Ruff! Jackhammer!
Great job, Rubble!
♪♪
Looks good.
It's ready to go, Skye.
We'll meet you at the truck!
Here's comes the world's
biggest ice cube!
♪♪
What's taking those Meow Meow
Ice Pops so long?
Oh, I could make a lot of snow
cones with all that ice.
Fine, snow cones and Meow Pops.
Good, now's my chance.
You two,
follow that copter!
Mew!
There it is!
Kitties, get me that ice!
Whoa!
Oh, come to me, you cool,
beautiful...
Way too big ice cube!
Whoa!
No, stop!
My precious ice!
Ah, it's so cool and refreshing.
What?!
And fast! Augh!
Hah, I made it...
Oh no!
Help!
Ryder! Mayor Humdinger's
kitties cut the ice block!
Now it's sliding
down the road!
With the mayor on it!
Help!
Okay, Skye, I'll call
Chase and Rubble to help.
Rubble, Chase, I want you to
move old logs to the sides
of the roads, to keep Mayor
Humdinger from running off it.
Yes, sir, Ryder!
♪♪
Here they come!
Augh, not in there!
Huh?
Oh, whoa!
Over to you, Rubble!
Whoa, whoa!
Goal! And now it's my turn!
Ruff! Harness!
Great save, Skye!
Nice shot, Rubble!
Thanks to an awesome
assist from Marshall!
How did you know we could
use an extra set of paws?
Well, I felt bad about the
Puppy Pops,
so I came to see if you
needed any help.
Engine's fixed and ready to go!
Great! See you in
Adventure Bay!
Poor pizza, never
had a chance.
Thanks for your help with my
truck, Paw Patrol!
And for saving the
frozen food!
It's all "cool!"
Whenever you're in trouble,
just yelp for help!
I'm sorry for, uh,
borrowing your ice,
but if you don't need it
anymore, can I have it?
Sure you can,
Mayor Humdinger!
It's right over
there.
Well, how am I to get relief
from this heat? Hmmph.
Hey, give me one of those.
Okay, Mayor Humdinger,
but they're...
Bleh, yuck! What is this?!
A liver-flavored
Puppy Pop!
Oh, ugh!
Slow down, Marshall,
you'll get...
- Brain freeze!
It was worth it...
So cool.
Episode Part-2
Title: "Pups Save Farmer Alex"
That looks great, Rocky
and Marshall!
Thanks! We've even put balloons
along the race course.
Nice idea!
Uh-oh.
This one's stuck.
I'm good!
Sorry, you can't go this way!
The road's closed for
the big event!
This potato sack race will
be so exciting!
Who do you think will win?
I dunno, Captain Turbot
and Francois
have been practicing
for hours!
I know this course completely!
It pays to be perfectly
prepared.
Perhaps, but your potato sack
is no match for mine.
Fashioned from the most
beautiful, luxurious materials.
Hi, Farmer Yumi!
Oh, hi, Alex!
What are you up to?
Anything I can do to help?
I could drive the tractor,
or paint the barn...
or milk the cows, or...
Or, how about you help me feed
the animals?
Now, that's a great idea!
Cool!
Hurry! The big race, the Tour De
Turbot, is about to start!
Peach fuzz!
I nearly forgot!
Come on, we don't want to
miss the first hop!
But I'm having so
much fun!
Can I stay and hang out
with Skye, please?
Well, I guess you could stay.
If you don't mind keeping an eye
on you-know-who, Skye.
Skye will keep an eye!
Eeep!
Alrighty.
Don't forget, when I get back,
we'll feed the animals.
Yay!
I'm tired of hopping,
let's do something else.
Do you want to go
watch the race?
Nah... I know!
Let's surprise Farmer Yumi,
and feed the animals for her!
But we don't know what
they like to eat!
I know!
Let's make them a
ginormous salad!
There's a whole mess of
vegetables right over there.
♪♪
My grandpa always tells me
to eat my veggies,
to grow up
healthy and strong.
And now, Farmer Yumi's animals
will be healthy and strong, too!
Alex, I don't think Farmer Yumi
wanted you to pick all those...
Oof...
Veggies...
See?
The animals love my salad.
Heh-heh, looks like the floor
loves it, too. Yuck!
Now, it's time for
animal-robics!
Animal what now?
Animal-robics!
If you want to be healthy,
exercise like me!
Hooves up!
Now, wings!
Let's go!
Okay, I'll go put
the wagon away.
I'll be right back.
Yeah!
Good luck, Francois.
May the best Turbot
take the trophy.
Merci, I will.
But don't worry, cousin.
I'm sure you'll get
second place.
Thanks! Heh... hey!
Good afternoon, everyone!
And welcome to the first annual
Tour De Turbot!
On your marks, get set...
Jump!
♪♪
Jump, jump, you can do it!
Alex!
What are you doing?
Jumping jacks!
I let them out of them barn
to give them more
room to exercise.
They shouldn't be
loose out here!
Let's get them back
into the barn.
Now? But we're having fun!
Whoa!
Whee!
This is fun!
Alex, wait!
No, stop, come back!
Oh, no! They're heading
towards town!
I'd better call Ryder.
Yeah! Captain Turbot!
Ryder! Farmer Yumi's animals
are stampeding towards town!
And Alex is stuck
on top of Bettina!
We'll handle it, Skye!
No stampede is too big,
no pup is too small.
Paw Patrol, to the look out!
Ryder needs us!
Whoa!
Whoa, whoa!
♪♪
Uh-oh, where is Marshall?
Ahem.
Don't mind me!
I'm just hanging around!
♪♪
Paw Patrol ready for action,
Ryder, sir!
Thanks for hurrying, pups!
Alex let Farmer Yumi's animals out
of the barn, and now
they're on the run.
They're headed towards the race,
so we need to stop them
before they run into anyone.
And we have to get Alex safely
off Bettina, too.
Exactly. So, for this
mission, I'll need Chase.
I need you to use your
megaphone and cones
to safely herd those animals.
Chase is on the case!
Rubble, I need you to use your
rig to build a safe area
to put the animals in,
until the end of the race.
Rubble on the double!
Is there anything
I can do to help Alex?
Not yet, but stand by,
in case we need you.
Will do.
All right!
Paw Patrol is on a roll!
♪ Paw Patrol ♪
Go! Go! Go!
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Paw Patrol
♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪♪
♪ Chase! ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Paw Patrol ♪
♪♪
♪ Rubble! ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Paw Patrol, Paw Patrol ♪
♪♪
Save your strength,
Francois!
Still a whole lot of
hopping ahead!
And you'd better tie your
shoelaces, Horatio.
I wouldn't want you
to... trip!
But you can't see
my shoelaces...
Ooof!
Ouch!
Hah-hah!
Later, alligator!
♪♪
Chase, set your cones to
guide the animals
away from the race course!
I'm on it!
Rubber, use those hay bales to
make a temporary pen,
to keep the animals in.
Will do!
♪♪
Arf! Cones!
Great work, guys!
And not a moment too soon!
Here they come!
Whoo-hoo!
I'm a cowboy!
On a real cow!
Pups, they're following
the path,
but they're not slowing down.
I've got this, Ryder!
Stop! In the name of the paw!
Hey, it worked!
Alright, Rubble!
Move some more hay bales
to close the animals in.
Alex, I'll get you off Bettina.
Okay, but I wasn't
scared at all.
Shoo, shoo! Get away
from there!
Whoa! Hey!
I never knew cows could
be so fast!
The animals are going
everywhere!
Come back here!
I'll go after Alex, but I could
use some air support. Hey, Skye!
Ready to help, Ryder.
Ruff! Let's take to the Skye!
Shoo, shoo, petit poulet!
Get away!
So long, slowpoke!
Hah-hah!
Ah, there you go.
Au revoir,
Horatio!
Uh-oh.
Which way do I go?
Thank you, Mr. Pig!
Whoa!
The only direction you
guys are going in is with me.
That way, Captain Turbot!
Thank you, Chase!
Augh! Whoa!
How do you stop this cow?
Skye, use your
harness to grab Alex!
Yeah!
Phew!
Oh, no! Is Bettina going
to be okay?
It's okay!
She loves to swim.
Chase told me what happened.
Thanks for rounding
up my animals.
It's okay!
Whenever you have a problem,
just yelp for help!
The animals may be okay,
but it's not okay that I let
them out of the barn.
I'm super sorry, Farmer Yumi.
You can help by cleaning up,
Okay.
But first, let's see
who wins the race!
Augh!
Aah! These melons
majorly mess me up!
Clearly you are not as
coordinated as I... augh!
Hah-hah, but you didn't
see that coming!
Aah! Augh!
♪ Paw-paw-paw-paw-paw
Paw Patrol ♪
It's Francois and Captain
Turbot!
It's a tie!
- Aah!
- Uah!
It's truly a tie?
Impossible!
Best two out of three, eh?
Francois, you're
a genius!
I know.
♪♪
Sync corrections by srjanapala
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org